# Meeting minutes 13.03.2024

During this meeting we discussed the final version of the specification.

## Participants

* Noah Godel (Student)
* Frédéric Bapst (Supervisor)

## Decisions

* Add a reference to the previous project in the specification
* Specify that the API won't interface with the whole OR-Tools library
* Specify that the library client is OS independent
* Not working prototype, but basic working API in tasks
* Some sort of rate limiting for a user should be considered (or mentioned in future work)
