# Meeting minutes 28.02.2024

During this meeting we discussed the potential objectives for the project.

## Participants

* Noah Godel (Student)
* Frédéric Bapst (Supervisor)

## Decisions

* In relation to extensibility the app should be able to be extended with other OR libraries, but it is not a priority for this project.
* The backend doesn't need to be able to support a large amount of users, but it should be able to serve multiple users at a time.
* The two proposed solutions for the backend are feasible, but there is need for further analysis to select one.
* It could be useful in the future to have a possibility to add labeling options.
* An app that allows us to solve problems with variable and simple arithmetic constraints will be the first prototype.
* Until next week (Monday) a first version of a specification should be made (at least the goals and some tasks).
